README.md, before:

## Features:

- Full MVC pattern with modularity that ensures maximum resue of code, maintaining DRY principle.
- Iron strong server side validation.
- In memory cache for repetitive database queries.
- Api rate limitting is implemented for stopping abuse.
- Supports advanced query with mongoDb operators in the query param.
- limit-offset based pagination with in memory cache.
- JWT based stateless auth flow with Role-based access control (RBAC).
- Centralized error handling for production and development.
- async code for potential blocking tasks, so no blocking of the event loop.
- Written in TypeScript with type safety.
- Fully documented API with postman.

## Environment Setup Steps :

- Setup Dependencies: `npm install`

- Start development server: `npm run dev`

- Rename the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set value to the variables with proper credentials.

- `MONGODB_URL="mongodb://admin:admin@localhost:27020/ums"`

- For running mongoDB in Docker, docker-compose file is added. Just run `docker compose up` inside project's root directory. Add -d flag to run in the background like `docker compose up -d`. In some system, `docker compose` is `docker-compose`.
- postman api doc: https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/25816259/2s93sXdaFZ

Commit message:

fixed a lot bugs. TODO: why prisma is saving all users in one collection?

README.md, after:

## Features:

- Full MVC pattern with modularity that ensures maximum resue of code, maintaining DRY principle.
- Iron strong server side validation.
- In memory cache for repetitive database queries.
- Api rate limitting is implemented for stopping abuse.
- Supports advanced query with mongoDb operators in the query param.
- limit-offset based pagination with in memory cache.
- JWT based stateless auth flow with Role-based access control (RBAC).
- Centralized error handling for production and development.
- async code for potential blocking tasks, so no blocking of the event loop.
- Written in TypeScript with type safety.
- Fully documented API with postman.

## Environment Setup Steps :

- Setup Dependencies: `npm install`

- Start development server: `npm run dev`

- Rename the `sample.env` file to `.env` and set value to the variables with proper credentials.

- `MONGODB_URL="mongodb://admin:admin@localhost:27020/ums"`

- Prisma requires mongoDB Replica Set. So, use MongoDB atlas with prisma. Mongoose works fine with localhost mongoDB in Docker.
